Create ui-c8y-1023-6-0-codex-to-be-available-by-as-blueprint-on-management-tenants-7811.md (#3970)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-6-0-codex-to-be-available-by-as-blueprint-on-management-tenants-7811.md

---
date: ""

> title: Codex is now available as a blueprint on management tenants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Cumulocity Developer Codex now available as a blueprint on Management tenants
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61176
version: 1023.6.0
---

> Codex is now available as a blueprint application for management tenants, allowing deployment on subtenants.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[The Cumulocity Developer Codex](https://cumulocity.com/codex/) — a resource providing guidance and documentation for building custom frontend solutions with the Cumulocity Web SDK — is now available as a blueprint on Management tenants. Tenant administrators can deploy the Developer Codex as an application on subtenants along with utilizing branding and translations, and make it accessible via the app switcher.
```
Adding some more information will help the user understand the benefit of the change.

---
date: ""

> title: Codex to be available by as blueprint on management tenants (#7811) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#10438)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Codex is now available as a blueprint on management tenants
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61176
version: 1023.6.0
---
Co-authored-by: Lukasz Janusz <114157358+luja-c8y@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Lukasz Janusz <lukasz.janusz@cumuloicty.com>
Co-authored-by: Tristan Bastian <tristan.bastian@cumulocity.com>

> Co-authored-by: Jakub Drewniak <103751383+jdre-c8y@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Codex is now available as a blueprint application for management tenants, allowing deployment on subtenants.
```
